all the kids and welcome to this
new video of pokémon channel tv and today
guys we're here to open up with epic
pack from Japan the second
we will see the contents together a little
really fantastic things veil announcement
already guys then to make purchases
pokemon doubt I always recommend the
site trading card point com
has great prices
description and then I also wanted
announce that this channel too
finally that is his online store either
a site where you can buy cards
singles directly from the channel
and you guys can find lots of cards
rare that former Goldstein delicious
prices and you can pay both in
credit paypal that is adding the
product on the cart or even in
cash then many new features then
visit it by clicking here the store
online you can find many mind cards
interesting so buy all
trust all won in top luder e
boys
let's start with the parcel tagging a
enrico from japan that this is it
hull a little apart
going to the sport ok let's see some
content that this epic the newspaper
Japanese as always and then two
really products and pc or the first one
richard ex ne is another mega box
I got another guys for collection
or I could even sell it myself
the package so still closed to good
price
I believe that put it on sale on
online store along with single cards
and then really nice with ok and here
the other product this really epic
finally the wilde blade box that it is
precisely the second expansion of xy
Japanese first edition
really nice then the game deck box
you know since there are also the
video opening but let's analyze the
wilde blade box that the most epic thing
so beautiful girls
obviously here with me hunt zard
hicks
nice handsome nice so guys this
was the box we will start in April will be
divided into two parts ie each game
ten packages will begin to open it
Saturday therefore Saturday the first part does not
missing
we are obviously looking for cards
epic is like the mega cia lizard or
even the custom-built cars in
this really epic box and the custom-built cars
etc
so I wait for you Saturday with the first one
part now say to switch to the few
fanart of the day that this one made
from raid on channel that it really is
beautiful this design
visit his really nice canal e
so guys, what can I say I'm waiting for you
Saturday with the first part I recommend
visit the online store make purchases
of single cards or even this one
make up the box by charlie zard ex
so beautiful for this video is
I'll wait for you on Saturday with the first one
part I recommend do not miss
put on a nice like this
fantastic box that deserves it and there
let's see Saturday
Hi everyone